I was in the kitchen no no I'm gonna
going out one day Curly's huh no huh no
huh this a lot of churn I wish everybody
watching this love and peace and
prosperity and I really really sad with
you guys and with this hope for a better
future of the Bahamas my home my people
love y'all show me can you help on the
playground paintball arena we want to
encourage you to stop the violence and
spend more time with friends and family
okay love my name is Valentina naman
boris and I am all the way up here in
canada prince edward island I'm Josie I
send my love buckle Bahamas to all those
people suffering violence let it be the
master guy yes I oxide you guys keeps
going royal boy again keep the peace
love you know it's my name is Cameron
Anna just want to offer my condolences
to all those affected by crime but to
encourage you there's nothing too great
but the Lord cannot do I think there's
too much killing in the bottom
praying for you i love you i miss you
know Jones I'm from the Bahamas but I'm
down here in Canada snowing I've got all
shortcuts don't ask me why but either
way I just want to send my love back to
Nassau put all the queers and families
out there i put i pray that i pray your
strength milord and hey all the best I
would like to say I am sorry if you got
shot on if you are in the hospital
because I know it hurts and I hope and I
hope you have a good life when you come
with the hospital bahamas much peace and
love here from Charlottetown Prince
Edward Island we love you all the way up
here from Canada we hope we can stop all
the crime and fix the problem hopefully
come together as one someday here's a
lovely French hi my name is Emma Russell
louder from Charlottetown Prince Edward
Island I'm sending my love and my
empathy to the families affected by
domestic violence in the Bahamas and in
the whole world for that matter but I
want you guys to know that I am sending
that love bombs was good she boys
psionics and love positivity all the way
from west virginia wassup whats up its
jo tujhe makes and the love and
blessings to the bombs so it's reality
praying for y'all all my fellow
Bohemians out there shut up to y'all
look up and I want to say this special
shout-out it's all of the families that
have experienced loss in the past year
do you violence and crime and we just
want to say how hard those out to y'all
we love you you know
JJ said positivity cute Bahamas wonder
can 1242 collaging the timenado